We are going to develop a final degree calculation system for UWE.
The main functionality of the system is to import required data and automatically calculate the 
degree marks and bands. 
The calculation is on the UWE Academic Regulations 23/24 as follows:
The University based awards its degrees as follows:
• First Class: 70% or higher.
• Second Class (Upper Division) (2.1): 60% to less than 70%.
• Second Class (Lower Division) (2.2): 50% to less than 60%.
• Third Class: 40% to less than 50%.
• A student who achieves less than 40% will fail.

A student must have passed all modules from year one, two and three to get the degree in
accordance with the Regulations.

The following actions are taken to determine the degree classification:

1. A student’s weighted average mark for Level 5 (year two) is calculated by selecting the 
best marks across 100 credits at Level 5, multiplying the credit value of each module by the 
percentage mark achieved for that module, and the sum of those results is then divided by the 
total number of credits. Pass/fail modules are excluded from the calculation.

2. A student’s weighted average mark for Level 6 (year three) is calculated by multiplying the
credit value of each module by the percentage mark achieved for that module, and the sum of those
results is then divided by the total number of credits. Pass/fail modules are excluded from the
calculation.

3. The final aggregate mark used for degree classification will comprise the weighted average %
mark of Levels 6 and 5 weighted in the ratio 3:1. This means that the final aggregate % mark is
calculated by multiplying the weighted average % mark of Level 6 by 3 and adding it to the
weighted average % mark of Level 5 and dividing the result by 4.  

We will use Computer Science names and codes, the other includes 300 students’
module marks for three years. 
Your system should be able to students’ results as the testing.
Therefore, two csv files are provided; 
one includes the module import these two files or the similar data from other courses, 
and the calculated degree marks and related information should be saved in a file.

Open file in write mode ('w')
with open('output.txt', 'w') as file:
    file.write("First line\n")
    file.write("Second line\n")
    file.write("Third line\n")final score is0.0for student0
